Update readme and prepare dev env (#667)
owncloud/docs-ocis: docs/the-branching-workflow.md

# The Branching Workflow

> Note that at the moment **no branching** is necessary for the ocis repo as only the `master` branch is used that appears a `next` in the documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that at the moment **no branching** is necessary for the ocis repo as only the `master` branch is used that appears as `next` in the documentation. 
```

<!--

> Only three branches are maintained at any one time; these are `master`, the current, and the former Branding Client release series. Any change to the documentation is made in a branch based off of `master`. Once the branch's PR is approved and merged, the PR is backported to the branch for the **current** Brander release and the **former** release but only if it applies to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only three branches are maintained at any one time; these are `master`, the current, and the former Branding Client release series. Any change to the documentation is made in a branch based on `master`. Once the branch's PR is approved and merged, the PR is backported to the branch for the **current** Brander release and the **former** release but only if it applies to it.
```

> When a new ownCloud major or minor Branding version is released, a new branch is created to track the changes for that release. The branch for the oldest release is frozen, taken off the active maintained branch list and is no longer maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new ownCloud major or minor Branding version is released, a new branch is created to track the changes for that release. The branch for the oldest release is frozen, taken off the actively maintained branch list and is no longer maintained.
```
